We keep on going on good morning and we have more guests giving birth and
ana we are thinking of a fish taco in a shrimp taco
this Christmas eve thinking about a taco tote as not if we want to park
Rodriguez here he is
owner director general manager precursor of the sea ice side will do
seafood delivery pays nobody some days to the country
very well
we operate
and we think about the fish tacos it's good that you should
literally nothing
the other great novelty over there
I was like that
e three days faces according to san juan 6
this is what happens as we have minutes options
we can walk from one place to another
they always enjoy the taste of fish and that they do not fear anymore
but I practice not only as I have with the new branches to very well fat
he said very well we are waiting for a branch of progress olive groves and
then to the others also with a flavor of always
the quality of service
Many
physical pacos and died
it's not just the little fish at 101, only the press lópez garrido for the quality of the
service
the voltage per meter that it deserves
we already have more than nine years of experience after
modestly according to experts in fish tacos piquete that is true
I go through the streets and suddenly I find a
malta cart that will do as we say nothing here
Suddenly another one appears over there another taqueria for her and I say no me better
new ipad montilla I know how safe it is to be safe where I feel
trust they were exchanging lack that inspires us because
why we have to walk more than a year of experience we have
product knowledge the service we give this and we know
we all know how to do things that do not confuse people this
before this for more than a year of experience
paco physical and many babies face and one can actually 4 in addition to the bar
of carlos salcido and salt flats very good
nowhere do they prepare the carrot salad with republicans and decaffeinate
the light sandra I love for liter the mediocrity of the end of the cup also
accompanied the director of the conade bernardo the two turkeys to serve them
this
and I can more invite all the people and roast our product assange we are and
Do not confuse us with 300 one
we have from Monday to Thursday from 6 in the morning we are ready
Saudi Arabia aracil time we're ready and
there's going to be a lot of rain that's the most important thing
and they know that faeca gómez would have a lot of attention come more people who arrived
the beep to arrive on loan we have already commented to the couple housewives that
we talk and and that we walk from food true of our houses but also
for the
ymad and not to be seen below
as they leave but with the complete packages and we even have many
ladies who go to the cafes and 2 in the morning the
I ask you dear ones a day before and they arrive and well you are already planning to arrive
past and your guests were very well and called very well
and we also
Caracas for example in nine years
we have known
the different branches of the little fisherman and because today it is as serious as
It seems difficult to go to know him
the new branch of progress and olive trees very lucido his mom is like that I
I have to confess I do not know her, I have a little hand left behind
He said at the same time that we walked the andi boulevard colosio and vargas haslam
So Álvarez de Olivera 7 frames and Veracruz and progress and olive groves
is the battery we all wish this orange trees veracruz
What do you think of the orange trees in Hermosillo, Calle Naranjo in Veracruz?
as in the points where as always
for more than nine years we must give not wait for the pepsi pescaito logo
he loves me and there is clarence we already have this
in that frame I pay for more than nine years tacos of fish and campechano
the taco two small ones because you already know it if it yields marm with shrimp
riquísimo very good good has to do two so many with the gentleman if is that
you can not share it
here cheaters
apple is middle of the ocean
from the vega to -6 14 will do what he decides
also thanks for coming
and invite us to know the new branches
of the pescaíto but above all many thanks for these nine
products p tomás pavón dates from the s and we go for the goods and with the same
quality and service as
we started with that we say to the people so do not be confused
we already know how to make things the chipotle sauce is better than
world that there are good of zacatepec here that the aggression is mine family
of huesca
download the bands
it was time to talk outside the world the region declared a fan of the
salad
I tried to stop doing it in my house does not mean missing 4 about it is
that the close down by the altar of week
7 the return to move to the second also that the fact that we learn
well
the governor right now tasting díaz i right now
Well, they do not want me to always ask for an overcrowded and shrimp prawns
I would like to eat more but not as much
really, with a fish scholarship, not shrimp and a half liter of salad
of eight thirty later with the kkl let's hope we have
two for three days for people who speak compelling
the street supports the matrix where we are very well because I just said I am very
easy or very easy to do so that we do not give and there
Friday's and it's one thing is for two people are two powers for two
moral people what for now we must put obstacles guests
before fleeing the seven that you have to do is the right one to speak
the first people who call us then give us this information the
roots of the pescaíto where they stop in that place
there external mensana
already going to be my nose claims pacheta receives that hook this cut are included
these pacts is the most that a person has eaten
a person then a few days with his visit jesus acts
foto efe video atlas the mossos d'esquadra a civil and a sprain is
practicing
that itself and yes yes it does comecé
also that the bar of the azángaro highway ayesa I love in half an hour
of tacos all you can drink water eat and now it is not time for
round out
and it does not seem very good to people and we have because if you are there a greeting
also at all costs or personnel we know that he has formed very interesting teams
if we take good incident workers match
very attentive to eta something we not only say to them when we are there yes but we
it is very pleasant that they are pending and we need something that the club in which
assign the foolishness percent and clean up when you are there you will see if you are
you delaye diminution of the fundamental pieces those of the revolts of
egypt thing that do not have other parts of this one
people ask me how the silver bullets by 1 to 0
another good work environment we try to motivate them and that everything is fine that
act is recorded in georgia al fayed and must be brought to the four rooms
of the little fish
because the little fish there is only one
marangoni veracruz colosio and olive groves
Juarez whose lives 7
forward and tonso bátiz 11 team achieve that
and olive
for the party
well they are colosio so we are waiting for you in buenos aires you can go when
do not be place we want to go to say hello coke
jajajajaja silversmith local of guadaira in any of the parties
as expected